fix(dashboard): gh #651 Fixed turbovnc version and template for local environment (#56)
hmdc/sid2: dashboard/README.md

- Run `make down`

## Deploying to remote development (your FASRC/FASSE account)
### Cannon

> - Run `make remote-dev`. `make remote-dev` builds all required OOD/Ruby libs locally and exports built artifacts to FASRC. This task will prompt you for your FASRC SSH credentials (password and pin) twice as it creates/validates the pre-requisite directory structure as setup in your home directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `make remote-dev`. `make remote-dev` builds all required OOD/Ruby libs locally and exports built artifacts to FASRC. This task will prompt you for your FASRC credentials (password and pin) more than once as it retrieves files, creates/validates the pre-requisite directory structure, and deploys the app to your home directory.
```

  
- Once completed, visit:

  https://vdi.rc.fas.harvard.edu

### FASSE

> - Run `make remote-fasse`. `make remote-fasse` builds as before and deploys to FASSE. This task will prompt you for your FASSE SSH credentials (password and pin) twice as it creates/validates the pre-requisite directory structure as setup in your home directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `make remote-fasse`. `make remote-fasse` builds as before and deploys to FASSE. This task will prompt you for your FASRC credentials (password and pin) more than once as it retrieves files, creates/validates the pre-requisite directory structure, and deploys the app to your home directory.
```

Reviewer: If you are accepting this suggestion, you can click the "Commit suggestion" button.

Author: Yes, I am.
sorry, I thought that I had add it to my new commit.
I have reset my commit and made the update into a new one, just to push all changes under a single commit.
